README.md, before:

# Data Size Count

## Features

Display following details in the vscode statusbar

- File Size
- Number of selected Lines
- Number of selected Words
- Array Length if the selected data is an array
- Object Size if the selected data is an object
- HTML or XML Tags count if the selected text is an HTML or XML tag.

## Screenshots

<img height="30" src="./images/ScreenShot_1.png">
<img height="30" src="./images/ScreenShot_2.png">
<img height="30" src="./images/ScreenShot_3.png">
<img height="30" src="./images/ScreenShot_4.png">
<img height="30" src="./images/ScreenShot_5.png">

## Display Format

You can use $(icon-name) to show icon, visit this site [https://microsoft.github.io/vscode-codicons/dist/codicon.html](https://microsoft.github.io/vscode-codicons/dist/codicon.html) to find icon name.

### Default Format :

- `data-size-count.statusBar.fileSizeformat` - "\$(file-text) \${fileSize}"
- `data-size-count.statusBar.selectionCountFormat` - " \${linesCount} : \${wordsCount}"
- `data-size-count.statusBar.dataCountFormat` - " : \${dataCountWithBrackets}"

### Variable Description :

- `${fileSize}` - Gives the ActiveTextEditor File Size.
- `${linesCount}` - Gives the selected line(s) count.
- `${wordsCount}` - Gives the selected word(s) count.
- `${dataCount}` - Gives the selected data count. It can be either Array length or an Object size or HTML Elements count.
- `${dataCountWithBrackets}` - Gives the selected data count with brackets. ex : `[12]` - Array or `{12}` - Object or `<12>` - HTML.

## Settings

- `data-size-count.statusBar.position` - Set Custom Statusbar position.
- `data-size-count.statusBar.priority` - The priority of the statusbar. Higher value means the statusbar should be shown more to the left.
- `data-size-count.statusBar.fileSizeFormat` - You can use these variables to custom display format: \${fileSize}.
- `data-size-count.statusBar.selectionCountFormat` - You can use these variables to custom display format: \${linesCount} \${wordsCount}.
- `data-size-count.statusBar.dataCountFormat` - You can use these variables to custom display format: \${dataCountWithBrackets}.
- `data-size-count.statusBar.visibility` - Show/Hide File Size, Lines Count, Words and Data Count details in statusbar.

## Preview

<img width="600" src="./images/preview.gif">

Commit message:

fix: Larger file size details

README.md, after:

# Data Size Count

## Features

Display following details in the vscode statusbar

- File Size
- Number of selected Lines
- Number of selected Words
- Array Length if the selected data is an array
- Object Size if the selected data is an object
- HTML or XML Tags count if the selected text is an HTML or XML tag.

## Screenshots

<img height="30" src="./images/ScreenShot_1.png">
<img height="30" src="./images/ScreenShot_2.png">
<img height="30" src="./images/ScreenShot_3.png">
<img height="30" src="./images/ScreenShot_4.png">
<img height="30" src="./images/ScreenShot_5.png">

> Note: The statusbar item may not show if the file size exceed the limit of 5mb.
> If the file size is larger than 5mb then we cant able to see lines count, words count and data size. But still we can see the File size by right clicking on the editor and select `Show File Details` on the context menu.
> This will give us the file size even if the file exceeds the limit of 5mb.

## Display Format

You can use $(icon-name) to show icon, visit this site [https://microsoft.github.io/vscode-codicons/dist/codicon.html](https://microsoft.github.io/vscode-codicons/dist/codicon.html) to find icon name.

### Default Format :

- `data-size-count.statusBar.fileSizeformat` - "\$(file-text) \${fileSize}"
- `data-size-count.statusBar.selectionCountFormat` - " \${linesCount} : \${wordsCount}"
- `data-size-count.statusBar.dataCountFormat` - " : \${dataCountWithBrackets}"

### Variable Description :

- `${fileSize}` - Gives the ActiveTextEditor File Size.
- `${linesCount}` - Gives the selected line(s) count.
- `${wordsCount}` - Gives the selected word(s) count.
- `${dataCount}` - Gives the selected data count. It can be either Array length or an Object size or HTML Elements count.
- `${dataCountWithBrackets}` - Gives the selected data count with brackets. ex : `[12]` - Array or `{12}` - Object or `<12>` - HTML.
- `${openBracket}` - Gives the selected data type open brackets. ex : `[` - Array or `{` - Object or `<` - HTML.
- `${closeBracket}` - Gives the selected data type close brackets. ex : `]` - Array or `}` - Object or `>` - HTML.

## Settings

- `data-size-count.statusBar.position` - Set Custom Statusbar position.
- `data-size-count.statusBar.priority` - The priority of the statusbar. Higher value means the statusbar should be shown more to the left.
- `data-size-count.statusBar.fileSizeFormat` - You can use these variables to custom display format: \${fileSize}.
- `data-size-count.statusBar.selectionCountFormat` - You can use these variables to custom display format: \${linesCount} \${wordsCount}.
- `data-size-count.statusBar.dataCountFormat` - You can use these variables to custom display format: \${dataCountWithBrackets}.
- `data-size-count.statusBar.visibility` - Show/Hide File Size, Lines Count, Words and Data Count details in statusbar.

## Preview

<img width="600" src="./images/preview.gif">
